The amiga support for the F68K consists of 4 files:
--- LOAD4TH		the loader
--- LOAD4TH.c 		it's source
--- LOAD4TH.info 	the logo to start it from the workbench
--- and this file.

In general, it's in functional agreement with the atari Loader for 
the F68K, especially concerning the environment handling with the 
configuration file F68K.CFG. 
I added two little options to get screen data printed on paper:
--- Starting "LOAD4TH p" opens the file "dump.dat" in the current
	directory and puts all bytes into it, that passed through the 
	"Emit" function.
--- starting "LOAD4TH s" does the same with the exception, that 
	CR's are are filtered out, furthermore any byte that follow a
	LF. This provides a very simple and effective method to print
	screens. (I like programming in bed, and because the amiga 
	isn't a laptop..) It is applied to the F68K "list" word, and
	very little extra work on a conventional editor is necessary to
	clean out the rest of OS-garbage contained in the file.

Since the amiga	uses some special keycodes, three commands of the
fullscreen-editor had to be changed:
	^F instead of ^? calls the help screen
	^V instead of ^< does #1.load
	^\ instead of ^> does load.exit

Despite of this, all operation is the same as described in the F68K
original documentation. Before first use, the blockfiles have to 
be "unmount"ed and "mount"ed again as described in the technical
manual.

To start F68K from the workbench, the ".info"-file has to be 
copied into the same directory, where the loader is. It will 
put the appropriate logo on the workbench. The p and s option
are available from the CLI only.
If you have received these files not on an amiga-formatted disk,
the file "LOAD4TH.info" might have been renamed as "LOAD4TH.inf"
to be in line with naming rules. When transferring this file to 
the amiga, it must be renamed to "LOAD4TH.info", otherwise your 
workbench will not show it.

There is (at the present state of development) one major problem, 
which should not be disregarded:
This loader opens a RAW: window on the amiga, which is quite easy
to program, but has a fixed line resolution of 77 true characters
per row. (There is a horizontal resolution of 80 Characters of this
standard font, but two are lost for the borderlines and one is
reserved to place the leading cursor). If anybody knows a simple
trick to smash this on DOS-level, let me hear.

Questions and hints:
	Wolfgang Schemmert
	Luisenstr. 51
	W-6050 Offenbach
	Tel. 069-88 56 06
	FAX  069-81 10 50




